fix cspell for readme.ms in libcurl sterss test (#4441)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/core/azure-core/test/libcurl-stress-test/README.md

### Dockerfile (https://www.docker.com/)
Represents the build file for the container in which the test runs, it is based on Ubuntu 22.04 , from MCR. 
The main change from default Ubuntu is making sure we have the Valgrind tool installed. Valgrind is a heap monitoring tool that helps identify potential stack traces that might leak memory. While not 100% effective is great at reducing the surface are for investigations. 

### Helm chart (https://helm.sh/)
Chart.yaml together with the bicep file(https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/overview?tabs=bicep) and the deploy job file , represent the helm chart needed to deploy to the docker image built from the dockerfile to the stress cluster and execute the stress test. 

The helm chart creates a pod with a container based on the docker image, and executes the test under Valgrind. 

To deploy the chart you will need to run "azure-sdk-for-cpp\eng\common\scripts\stress-testing> .\deploy-stress-tests.ps1 -Namespace azuresdkforcpp -SearchDirectory E:\src\azure-sdk-for-cpp\sdk\core\azure-core\test -PushImage"

> Where name space will be created if missing , search directory can be any folder where it will search for charts in it and all it's sub dirs, push image will call it to build the docker image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where namespace will be created if missing , search directory can be any folder where it will search for charts in it and all it's sub dirs, push image will call it to build the docker image. 
```

> ATM the docker image is build by hand and hard coded in the chart to simplify matters.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ATM the docker image is build by hand and hardcoded in the chart to simplify matters.  
```

### Helm chart (https://helm.sh/)
Chart.yaml together with the bicep file(https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/overview?tabs=bicep) and the deploy job file , represent the helm chart needed to deploy to the docker image built from the dockerfile to the stress cluster and execute the stress test. 

The helm chart creates a pod with a container based on the docker image, and executes the test under Valgrind. 

To deploy the chart you will need to run "azure-sdk-for-cpp\eng\common\scripts\stress-testing> .\deploy-stress-tests.ps1 -Namespace azuresdkforcpp -SearchDirectory E:\src\azure-sdk-for-cpp\sdk\core\azure-core\test -PushImage"

Where namespace will be created if missing , search directory can be any folder where it will search for charts in it and all it's sub dirs, push image will call it to build the docker image. 

ATM the docker image is build by hand and hard-coded in the chart to simplify matters.  

> To build the image run "docker build -t <acr>/azuresdkforcpp/curlstress:v8  --build-arg targetTest=azure-core-libcurl-stress-test --build-arg build=on  ."

Reviewer: Where will I get this `<acr>` name from to fill in the command?
Will the name be different every time I go through these steps?

Author: it can be any acr you have access to , once the image in in the ACR you can deploy to the cluster of your choice as long as it has access to the ACR

ATM the docker image is build by hand and harcoded in the chart to simplify matters.  
ATM the docker image is build by hand and hard-coded in the chart to simplify matters.  

To build the image run "docker build -t stresstesttbiruti6oi24k.acr.io/azuresdkforcpp/curlstress:v8  --build-arg targetTest=azure-core-libcurl-stress-test --build-arg build=on  ."
To build the image run "docker build -t <acr>/azuresdkforcpp/curlstress:v8  --build-arg targetTest=azure-core-libcurl-stress-test --build-arg build=on  ."

To push to mcr : "docker push stresstesttbiruti6oi24k.acr.io/azuresdkforcpp/curlstress:v8"

> Obviously after logging in to the acr "az acr login -n stresspgs7b6dif73rup6.azurecr.io"

Reviewer: There seems to be two different names here, previously. Are they supposed to be the same?

Author: those are examples, MCR is Microsoft ACR , managed for the company , where microsoft images can be published to the outside world, 

the second was an example to how to perform a login in a random ACR

To deploy the chart you will need to run "azure-sdk-for-cpp\eng\common\scripts\stress-testing> .\deploy-stress-tests.ps1 -Namespace azuresdkforcpp -SearchDirectory E:\src\azure-sdk-for-cpp\sdk\core\azure-core\test -PushImage"

Where namaspace will be created if missing , search directory can be any folder where it will search for charts in it and all it's sub dirs, push image will call it to build the docker image. 
Where name space will be created if missing , search directory can be any folder where it will search for charts in it and all it's sub dirs, push image will call it to build the docker image. 

> ATM the docker image is build by hand and harcoded in the chart to simplify matters.  

Reviewer 2: I would prefer either "hardcoded" or "hard-coded". The original complaint was about "harcoded".
